In video shares, once again this morning, sliding about 5% for the week so far. Joining us right now to talk to Chip Sox is Vivek Arya, Bank of America's Senior Semiconductor Analyst. Vivek, first of all, what do you think about the slide in In video chips this week? Good morning, Becky. So last week, we came from a very successful GPU technology conference. The company had the outline of paths towards a trillion dollars of spending in the data center. They really stressed how the computing requirements of these new reasoning models is going up by a factor of 10 to 100 times. And then they outlined a very multi-generational roadmap that goes out all the way to 2028 and spans across their unromatched expertise and hardware and software and systems. So I think fundamentals are rock solid for the company, but what's also happening is there's a lot of geopolitical worries. There's a lot of angst regarding restrictions of their products to China. There is this new AI diffusion rule that is supposed to go into effect. It was put in place by the Biden team and if it is implemented, and I think if it's an operative word, then we could see the effects of this by May 14th when it is fully implemented. So I think the stock is essentially trying to go back and forth between fundamentals that are exceptionally strong and a range of these geopolitical worries, which we think will get priced in the stock by May 14th. And meanwhile, the valuation we think is quite compelling. And so we do believe very strongly that the fundamentals will win the day, but over the next few weeks, we have to deal with some of this geopolitical volatility in the stock. Sales to China, is that 10% of their revenue? Yeah, their overall sales are about 13%. But about a quarter of that is going into gaming, it's going into automotive, into workstation. Those parts are not restricted. So we size that the part that is in the data center that is exposed to China is about 10% of sales. And even in that, there are parts of the networking business that are not restricted. So when we get down to it, the 8% or 10% that is exposed to China, it's specifically their H20 product. And what's interesting, Becky, is that even under the AI diffusion rules, there are no restrictions in terms of them shipping this H20 product to China. This is an older generation product. There is competition for that in China from Huawei. So it's a competitive market because it's an older generation product. So I don't think it's a given that all their sales to China will be restricted. But when we go through the sensitivity analysis, even if we take the China sales out, even if we bake in the effect of these AI diffusion rules, we still see that the stock is trading anywhere between 20 to 26 times less than its earnings growth versus if we look at the max seven stocks, they are trading two times their earnings growth. So we think it's compellingly valued regardless. But we understand that some of this news-driven headline, these headwinds have to get over before the stock starts to stabilize.