Once again this morning sliding about 5% for the week so far. Bank of america senior semiconductor analysis this week. So you know last week we came from a very successful gpu technology conference the company had. The outline the path towards a trillion dollars of a spending in the data centre they are really stressed how the computing requirements of these new reasoning models is going up by a factor of 10 to 100 times. Multigenerational road map that goes out all the way till 2028 and spans across their unmarked expertise and hardware and software and systems so i think fundamentals are rock solid for the company but what's also happening is there is a lot of geopolitical worries there is a lot of angst regarding restrictions of their products to china there is this new year diffusion a rule that is supposed to go into a fact it was put in place by the wider team and if it is implement we could see the effect of implementing the range of these things we have to deal with some of these talk. Sales to china is a 10% of the revenue. Overall sales are about 13% but you know about a quarter of that is going into gaming it's going into automotive when the workstation. Those parts are not restricted so we say that the part that is in the data centre that is exposed to china is about 10% of the sales and even in that there are parts of the networking business that are not. Restricted so when you get down to. 10% that is exposed to china its specifically that 820. Even under the air diffusion rules there are no restrictions in terms of shipping this age 20 product to china this is an older generation product you know there is competition for that in china from our competitive market because it's an older generation product so i don't think it's a given that all their sales to china will be restricted but when we go through the sensitivity analysis even if we take the time to 26 times. Less than its earnings growth versus two times their earnings growth regardless but we understand that some of this you know news driven headlines have to get over before the stock starts to stabilize. 